Ashen Hunter Set
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defense to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.


Grey Wolf Cap
Attire of the retired hunter Djura. This worn wolf cap was his trademark. Djura is known through his contact with the Powder Kegs, the heretics of the workshop. He is said to have been both uncommonly kind and dreadfully foolish. Djura felt defeated by the state of Old Yharnam and renounced his hunter's vows.


Ashen Hunter Garb
Attire of the retired hunter Djura. Painted with ash in a ceremony to ward off blood. Djura is known through his contact with the Powder Kegs, the heretics of the workshop. He is said to have been both uncommonly kind and dreadfully foolish. Djura felt defeated by the state of Old Yharnam, and renounced his hunter's vows.


Ashen Hunter Gloves
Attire of the retired hunter Djura. Painted with ash in a ceremony to ward off blood. Djura is known through his contact with the Powder Kegs, the heretics of the workshop.
He is said to have been both uncommonly kind and dreadfully foolish. Djura felt defeated by the state of Old Yharnam, and renounced his hunter's vows.


Ashen Hunter Armor
Attire of the retired hunter Djura. Painted with ash in a ceremony to ward off blood Djura is know through his contact with the Powder Kegs, the heretics of the workshop. He is said to have been both uncommonly kind and dreadfully foolish. Djura felt defeated by the state of Old Yharnam, and renounced his hunter's vows.


Black Church Set
Attire of Healing Church hunters. Most Healing Church hunters are elementary doctors who understand the importance of early prevention of the scourge, achieved by disposing of victims, and even potential victims, before signs of sickness manifest themselves. Their black attire is synonymous with fear, and that peculiar Yharnam madness. When a cancer is discovered, one must pinpoint its location, reach in, and wrench it from the host's bosom


Black Church Hat
Attire of Healing Church hunters. Most Healing Church hunters are elementary doctors who understand the importance of early prevention of the scourge, achieved by disposing of victims, and even potential victims, before signs of sickness manifest themselves. Their black attire is synonymous with fear, and that peculiar Yharnam madness.


Black Church Garb
Attire of Healing Church hunters. The Holy Shawl, symbol of the Healing Church, flutters proudly on their backs. Most Healing Church hunters are elementary doctors who understand the importance of early prevention of the scourge, achieved by disposing of victims, and even potential victims, before signs of sickness manifest themselves. Their black attire is synonymous with fear, and that peculiar Yharnam madness


Surgical Long Gloves
White surgical gloves. The intricate embroidery weaves a spell that protects their wearer. The Church engages in the hunt in a medical capacity. When a cancer is discovered, one must pinpoint its location, reach in, and wrench it from the host's bosom.


Yarnham Hunter Trousers
Attire of Healing Church hunters. Most Healing Church hunters are elementary doctors who understand the importance of early prevention of the scourge, achieved by disposing of victims, and even potential victims, before signs of sickness manifest themselves. Their black attire is synonymous with fear, and that peculiar Yharnam madness.


Cainhurst Set
Silver helmet, armor, gauntlets, and leggings worn by the royal guards who protect Annalise, Queen of the Vilebloods at Cainhurst Castle. This paper-thin silver armor is said to deflect blood of ill-intent, and is what allows the royal guards to capture prey for their beloved Queen, so that one day, she may bear a Child of Blood.


Cainhurst Helmet
Silver helmet worn by the royal guards who protect Annalise, Queen of the Vilebloods at Cainhurst Castle. This paper-thin silver armor is said to deflect blood of ill-intent, and is what allows the royal guards to capture prey for their beloved Queen, so that one day, she may bear a Child of Blood.


Cainhurst Armor
Silver armor worn by the royal guards who protect Annalise, Queen of the Vilebloods at Cainhurst Castle. This paper-thin silver armor is said to deflect blood of ill-intent, and is what allows the royal guards to capture prey for their beloved Queen, so that one day, she may bear a Child of Blood.


Cainhurst Gauntlets
Silver gauntlets worn by the royal guards who protect Annalise, Queen of the Vilebloods at Cainhurst Castle. This paper-thin silver armor is said to deflect blood of ill-intent, and is what allows the royal guards to capture prey for their beloved Queen, so that one day, she may bear a Child of Blood.

 
Cainhurst Leggings
Silver leggings worn by the royal guards who protect Annalise, Queen of the Vilebloods at Cainhurst Castle. This paper-thin silver armor is said to deflect blood of ill-intent, and is what allows the royal guards to capture prey for their beloved Queen, so that one day, she may bear a Child of Blood.


Charred Hunter Set
One of the staple articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A product of the scourge of the beast that once plagued Old Yharnam and culminated in the town's fiery cleansing. Designed to be highly resistant to fire. Wearers of this attire hunted down victims of the scourge who survived the raging flames and stench of singed blood


Charred Hunter Garb
One of the staple articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A product of the scourge of the beast that once plagued Old Yharnam and culminated in the town's fiery cleansing. The cape's dampness makes it highly resistant to fire. Wearers of this attire hunted down Victims of the scourge who survived the raging flames and stench of singed blood.


Charred Hunter Gloves
One of the staple articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A product of the scourge of the beast that once plagued Old Yharnam and culminated in the town's fiery cleansing. Designed to be highly resistant to fire. Wearers of this attire hunted down victims of the scourge who survived the raging flames and stench of singed blood.


Charred Hunter Trousers
One of the staple articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A product of the scourge of the beast that once plagued Old Yharnam and culminated in the town's fiery cleansing. Designed to be highly resistant to fire. Wearers of this attire hunted down victims of the scourge who survived the raging flames and stench of singed blood.


Choir Set
Attire of the Choir, high-ranking members of the Healing Church. Members of the Choir are both the highest-ranking clerics of the Healing Church, and scholars who continue the work that began at Byrgenwerth. The eye covering indicates their debt to the teachings of Master Willem, even though their paths diverged.


Blindfold Cap
Attire of the Choir, high-ranking members of the Healing Church. Members of the Choir are both the highest-ranking clerics of the Healing Church, and scholars who continue the work that began at Byrgenwerth. The eye covering indicates their debt to the teachings of Master Willem, even though their paths diverged.


Choir Garb
Attire of the Choir, high-ranking members of the Healing Church. Members of the Choir are both the highest-ranking clerics of the Healing Church, and scholars who continue the work that began at Byrgenwerth. Together with the left behind Great One, they look to the skies, in search of astral signs, that may lead them to the rediscovery of true greatness.


Choir Gloves
Attire of the Choir, high-ranking members of the Healing Church. Members of the Choir are both the highest-ranking clerics of the Healing Church, and scholars who continue the work that began at Byrgenwerth. The eye covering indicates their debt to the teachings of Master Willem, even though their paths diverged.


Choir Trousers
Attire of the Choir, high-ranking members of the Healing Church. Members of the Choir are both the highest-ranking clerics of the Healing Church, and scholars who continue the work that began at Byrgenwerth. The eye covering indicates their debt to the teachings of Master Willem, even though their paths diverged.


Crowfeather Set
Wood-carved mask and Attire of Eileen the Crow, Hunter of Hunters. The beak contains incense to mask scents of blood and beast. Hunters of Hunters dress as crows to suggest sky burial. The first Hunter of Hunters came from a foreign land, and gave the dead a virtuous native funeral ritual, rather than impose a blasphemous Yharnam burial service upon them. with the hope that former compatriots might be returned to the skies, and find rest in the Hunter's Dream


Beak Mask
Wood-carved mask of Eileen the Crow, Hunter of Hunters. The beak contains incense to mask scents of blood and beast. Hunters of Hunters dress as crows to suggest sky burial.
The first Hunter of Hunters came from a foreign land, and gave the dead a virtuous native funeral ritual, rather than impose a blasphemous Yharnam burial service upon them, with the hope that former compatriots might be returned to the skies, and find rest in a hunter's dream.


Crowfeather Garb
Attire worn by Eileen the Crow, Hunter of Hunters, known in particular for her crowfeather cape. Hunters of Hunters dress as crows to suggest sky burial. The first Hunter of Hunters came from a foreign land, and gave the dead a virtuous native funeral ritual, rather than impose a blasphemous Yharnam burial service upon them, with the hope that former compatriots might be returned to the skies, and find rest in a hunter's dream.


Crowfeather Manchettes
Wood-carved attire of Eileen the Crow, Hunter of Hunters. The beak contains incense to mask scents of blood and beast. Hunters of Hunters dress as crows to suggest sky burial.
The first Hunter of Hunters came from a foreign land, and gave the dead a virtuous native funeral ritual, rather than impose a blasphemous Yharnam burial service upon them. with the hope that former compatriots might be returned to the skies, and find rest in the Hunter's Dream


Crowfeather Trousers
Attire of Eileen the Crow, Hunter of Hunters. The beak contains incense to mask scents of blood and beast. Hunters of Hunters dress as crows to suggest sky burial. The first Hunter of Hunters came from a foreign land, and gave the dead a virtuous native funeral ritual, rather than impose a blasphemous Yharnam burial service upon them, with the hope that former compatriots might be returned to the skies, and find rest in the Hunter's Dream


Executioner Set
As the great Logarius once said, Acts of goodness are not always wise, and acts of evil are not always foolish, but regardless, we shall always strive to be good.


Gold Ardeo
The odd helmet worn by the band of Executioners commanded by the martyr Logarius. The conical gold helmet, symbol of the executioners, represents luminosity, ambition, and an unflagging resolve to face impurity, staring it down with stern golden spirit. As the great Logarius once said, "Acts of goodness are not always wise, and acts of evil are not always foolish, but regardless, we shall always strive to be good.


Executioner Garb
Attire worn by the band of executioners commanded by the martyr Logarius. Later became the basis for all Church attire, with its heavy draping of Holy Shawl.
As the great Logarius once said, Acts of goodness are not always wise, and acts of evil are not always foolish, but regardless, we shall always strive to be good.


Executioner Gauntlets
Gauntlets worn by the band of executioners commanded by the martyr Logarius. Later became the basis for all Church attire, with its heavy draping of Holy Shawl.
As the great Logarius once said, Acts of goodness are not always wise, and acts of evil are not always foolish. but regardless. we shall always strive to be good.


Executioner Trousers
Trousers worn by the band of executioners commanded by the martyr Logarius. Later became the basis for all Church attire, with its heavy draping of Holy Shawl.
As the great Logarius once said, Acts of goodness are not always wise, and acts of evil are not always foolish. but regardless. we shall always strive to be good.


Foreign Set
Hood, Clothing, Bandage, and Trousers worn upon awakening to the nightmare of blood and beasts. Perhaps its wearer had to stay out of sight, and travel by cover of darkness.
Without memory, who will ever know?


Black Hood
Hood worn upon awakening to the nightmare of blood and beasts. Perhaps its wearer had to stay out of sight, and travel by cover of darkness.
Without memory. who will ever know?


Foreign Garb
Clothing worn upon awakening to the nightmare of blood and beasts. Not typical clothing for Yharnam, perhaps it is of foreign origin. It is said, after all, the traveler came to Yharnam from afar. Without memory, who will ever know?


Sullied Bandage
Bandage worn upon awakening to the nightmare of blood and beasts. Terribly worn and unsanitary. A faint memory recalls blood ministration, involving the transfusion of unknown blood. Not long after. the nightmare began.


Foreign Trousers
Trousers worn upon awakening to the nightmare of blood and beasts. Not typical clothing for Yharnam, perhaps it is of foreign origin. It is said, after all, the traveler
came to Yharnam from afar. Without memory, who will ever know?


Gascoigne's Set
Hunter attire worn by Father Gasoigne. Similar to hunter garb created at the workshop, only these are tainted by a pungent beastly stench that eats away at Gascoigne.
Father" is a title used for clerics in a foreign land, and there is no such rank in the Healing Church


Gascoigne's Cap
Hunter attire worn by Father Gascoigne. Similar to hunter garb created at the workshop, only these are tainted by a pungent beastly stench that eats away at Gascoigne.
"Father" is a title used for clerics in a foreign land, and there is no such rank in the Healing Church.


Gascoigne's Garb
Hunter attire worn by Father Gascoigne. The dingy scarf is a Holy Shawl and symbol of the Healing Church, from which Gascoigne would eventually part ways. "Father" is a title used for clerics in a foreign land, and there is no such rank in the Healing Church.


Gascoigne's Gloves
Hunter attire worn by Father Gascoigne. Similar to the hunter garb created at the workshop, only these are tainted by the pungent beastly stench that eats away at Gascoigne. "Father" is a title used for clerics in a foreign land, and there is no such rank in the Healing Church.


Gascoigne's Trousers
Hunter attire worn by Father Gascoigne. Similar to the hunter garb created at the workshop, only these are tainted by the pungent beastly stench that eats away at Gascoigne. "Father" is a title used for clerics in a foreign land, and there is no such rank in the Healing Church.


Graveguard Set
Mask, Robe, Manchettes, Kilt of Dores, graveguard of the Forbidden Woods. His pale countenance mimics the labyrinth watchers. Willem kept two loyal servants back at Byrgenwerth. When they were sent into the labyrinth, they encountered the eldritch Truth, and went mad. One became the password gatekeeper, while Dores became a graveguard of the forest. Both remained loyal, even in madness.


Graveguard Mask
Mask of Dores, graveguard of the Forbidden Woods. His pale countenance mimics the labyrinth watchers. Willem kept two loyal servants back at Byrgenwerth. When they were sent into the labyrinth. they encountered the eldritch Truth. and went mad. One became the password gatekeeper, while Dores became a graveguard of the forest. Both remained loyal, even in madness.


Graveguard Robe
Robe of Dores, graveguard of the Forbidden Woods. His pale countenance mimics the labyrinth watchers. Willem kept two loyal servants back at Byrgenwerth. When they were sent into the labyrinth. they encountered the eldritch Truth. and went mad. One became the password gatekeeper, while Dores became a graveguard of the forest. Both remained loyal, even in madness.


Graveguard Manchettes
Manchettes of Dores, graveguard of the Forbidden Woods. His pale countenance mimics the labyrinth watchers. Willem kept two loyal servants back at Byrgenwerth. When they were sent into the labyrinth. they encountered the eldritch Truth. and went mad. One became the password gatekeeper, while Dores became a graveguard of the forest. Both remained loyal, even in madness.

 
Graveguard Kilt
Kilt of Dores, graveguard of the Forbidden Woods. His pale countenance mimics the labyrinth watchers. Willem kept two loyal servants back at Byrgenwerth. When they were sent into the labyrinth, they encountered the eldritch Truth, and went mad. One became the password gatekeeper, while Dores became a graveguard of the forest. Both remained loyal, even in madness.


Hunter Set
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defense to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.
Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunter Hat 
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.
Recognizable by its withered feathers, this cap is fashioned after one of the old hunters.


Hunter Garb
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop, this one without the cape that wipes away blood. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat. Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunters Garb
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop, accompanied with a short cape that wipes away blood. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat. Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunter Gloves
One of the standard articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.
Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunter Gloves
One of the standard articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat. Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night."


Hunter Trousers
One of the standard articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.
Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunter Set
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defense to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat. Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunter Garb
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop, this one without the cape that wipes away blood. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat. Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.

Hunters Garb
One of the standard articles of hunter attire fashioned at the workshop, accompanied with a short cape that wipes away blood. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat. Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Hunter Gloves
One of the standard articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.
Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.

 
Hunter Trousers
One of the standard articles of hunter attire, fashioned at the workshop. A fine piece of hunter attire that provides stable defence to anyone facing Yharnam's beastly threat.
Allows one to stalk beasts unannounced, by cover of night.


Knight's Set
Attire and Gloves of the knights of Cainhurst. A regal piece graced by intricate goldwork. The Cainhurst way is a mix of nostalgia and bombast. They take great pride even in the blood-stained corpses of beasts that they leave behind. confident that they will stand as examples of decadent art."


Knight's Wig
Adornment prized by the knights of Cainhurst. Resembles a ponytail of silver hair. The Cainhurst way is a mix of nostalgia and bombast. They take great pride even in the blood-stained corpses of beasts that they leave behind, confident that they will stand as examples of decadent art.


Knight's Garb
Attire of the knights of Cainhurst. A regal piece graced by intricate goldwork. The Cainhurst way is a mix of nostalgia and bombast. They take great pride even in the blood-stained corpses of beasts that they leave behind. confident that they will stand as examples of decadent art.


Knight's Gloves
Gloves of the knights of Cainhurst. A regal piece graced by intricate goldwork. The Cainhurst way is a mix of nostalgia and bombast. They take great pride even in the blood-stained corpses of beasts that they leave behind. confident that they will stand as examples of decadent art.


Knight's Trousers or Dress 
Attire of the knights of Cainhurst. A regal piece graced by intricate goldwork. The Cainhurst way is a mix of nostalgia and bombast. They take great pride even in the blood-stained corpses of beasts that they leave behind, confident that they will stand as examples of decadent art.


Student Set 
Uniform of the students of Byrgenwerth, a bygone institute of learning. Features a thick cape. The Healing Church has its roots in Byrgenwerth, and naturally borrows heavily from its uniform design. The focus not on knowledge. or thought. but on pure pretension would surely bring Master Willem to despair, if only he knew.


Student Uniform 
Uniform of the students of Byrgenwerth, a bygone institute of learning. Features a thick cape. The Healing Church has its roots in Byrgenwerth, and naturally borrows heavily from its uniform design. The focus not on knowledge. or thought. but on pure pretension would surely bring Master Willem to despair, if only he knew.

 
Student Set Variant
Uniform of the students of Byrgenwerth, a bygone institute of learning. The Healing Church has its roots in Byrgenwerth, and naturally borrows heavily from its uniform design.
The focus not on knowledge, or thought, but on pure pretension would surely bring Master Willem to despair, if only he knew.


Student Trousers
Uniform of the students of Byrgenwerth, a bygone institute of learning. The Healing Church has its roots in Byrgenwerth, and naturally borrows heavily from its uniform design.
The focus not on knowledge, or thought, but on pure pretension would surely bring Master Willem to despair, if only he knew.


Tomb Prospector
Attire of tomb prospectors who explore the old labyrinth on behalf of the Healing Church. The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance. They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones. sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.


Tomb Prospector Hood
Attire of tomb prospectors who explore the old labyrinth on behalf of the Healing Church. The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance. They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones. sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.
 

Tomb Prospector Garb
Attire of tomb prospectors who explore the old labyrinth on behalf of the Healing Church. The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance. They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones. sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.


Tomb Prospector Gloves
Attire of tomb prospectors who explore the old labyrinth on behalf of the Healing Church. The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance. They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones. sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.


Tomb Prospector Gloves
Attire of tomb prospectors who explore the old labyrinth on behalf of the Healing Church. The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance. They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones. sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.


Tomb Prospector Trousers
Attire of tomb prospectors who explore the old labyrinth on behalf of the Healing Church. The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance. They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones, sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.


White Church Set
Attire of special Church doctors. These doctors are superiors to the black preventative hunters, and specialists in experimentally-backed blood ministration and the scourge of the beast. They believe that medicine is not a means of treatment but rather a method for research. and that some knowledge can only be obtained by exposing oneself to sickness.


White Church Hat
Attire of special Church doctors. These doctors are superiors to the black preventative hunters, and specialists in experimentally-backed blood ministration and the scourge of the beast. They believe that medicine is not a means of treatment but rather a method for research. and that some knowledge can only be obtained by exposing oneself to sickness.


White Church Garb
Attire of special Church doctors. These doctors are superiors to the black preventative hunters, and specialists in experimentally-backed blood ministration and the scourge of the beast. They believe medicine is not a means of treatment but rather a method for research. and some knowledge can only be obtained by exposing oneself to sickness."


Surgical Long Gloves
White surgical gloves. The intricate embroidery weaves a spell that protects their wearer. The Church engages in the hunt in a medical capacity. When a cancer is discovered, one must pinpoint its location, reach in, and wrench it from the host's bosom.

 
White Church Trousers or Dress
Attire of special Church doctors. These doctors are superiors to the black preventative hunters, and specialists in experimentally-backed blood ministration and the scourge of the beast. They believe the Trousers/Dress medicine is not a means of treatment but rather a method for research. and the Trousers/Dress some knowledge can only be obtained by exposing oneself to sickness.


Yharnam Hunter Set
Ludwig, the first hunter of the Healing Church, once recruited Yharnamites to serve as hunters. This hunter's attire was made for new recruits, and has excellent straightforward defense. But not nearly enough to allow an ordinary man to stand any real chance against the beasts.


Yharnam Hunter Cap
Ludwig, the first hunter of the Healing Church, once recruited Yharnamites to serve as hunters. This hunter's attire was made for new recruits, and has excellent straightforward defense. But not nearly enough to allow an ordinary man to stand any real chance against the beasts.


Yharnam Hunter Garb
Ludwig, the first hunter of the Healing Church, once recruited Yharnamites to serve as hunters. This hunter's attire was made for new recruits, and has excellent straightforward defense. But not nearly enough to allow an ordinary man to stand any real chance against the beasts.


Yharnam Hunter Gloves
Ludwig, the first hunter of the Healing Church, once recruited Yharnamites to serve as hunters. This hunter's attire was made for new recruits, and has excellent straightforward defense. But not nearly enough to allow an ordinary man to stand any real chance against the beasts.


Yharnam Hunter Trousers
Ludwig, the first hunter of the Healing Church, once recruited Yharnamites to serve as hunters. This hunter's attire was made for new recruits, and has excellent straightforward defense. But not nearly enough to allow an ordinary man to stand any real chance against the beasts.


Yahar'Gul Knight Set
Iron helmet worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. Removing the hood reveals something reminiscent of a warrior of a previous age. This headwear is made of metal, a rarity for hunter garb, and has high defense, but only against physical attacks.


Yahar'Gul assassin Set
Thick black pullover/gloves/trousers worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar'gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers blend into the night wearing this attire. Designed primarily to defend from physical attacks, the binding of thick rope serves both to protect its wearer, and restrain his foes.


Black Hooded Iron Helm
Iron helmet worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar’gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers wear their black hoods low to shadow their eyes. This helm is made of metal. a rarity for hunter garb and has high defence, but only against physical attacks.


Iron Yahar'Gul Helm
Iron helmet worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. Removing the hood reveals something reminiscent of a warrior of a previous age. This headwear is made of metal, a rarity for hunter garb, and has high defense, but only against physical attacks.


Yahar'gul Black Garb
Thick black pullover worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar'gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers blend into the night wearing this attire. Designed primarily to defend from physical attacks, the binding of thick rope serves both to protect its wearer, and restrain his foes.


Yahar'gul Black Gloves
Thick black gloves worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar'gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers blend into the night wearing this attire. Designed primarily to defend from physical attacks, the binding of thick rope serves both to protect its wearer, and restrain his foes.


Yahar'gul Black Trousers
Thick black trousers worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar'gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers blend into the night wearing this attire. Designed primarily to defend from physical attacks, the binding of thick rope serves both to protect its wearer, and restrain his foes.


Yahar'Gul Knight Set
Iron helmet worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. Removing the hood reveals something reminiscent of a warrior of a previous age. This headwear is made of metal, a rarity for hunter garb, and has high defense, but only against physical attacks.


Yahar'Gul Assin Set
Thick black pullover, gloves, and trousers worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar'gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers blend into the night wearing this attire. Designed primarily to defend from physical attacks, the binding of thick rope serves both to protect its wearer, and restrain his foes.


Black Hooded Iron Helm
Iron helmet worn by hunters of the Unseen Village. The hunters of Yahar’gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers wear their black hoods low to shadow their eyes. This helm is made of metal. a rarity for hunter garb and has high defence, but only against physical attacks.


Bone Ash Set
Armor made of bone ash,worn by the oldest keepers. The keepers, who mind the slumbering Great Ones, gained eternal life, preserved in ashen form in a ceremony of flame that cremated body and soul. Gloves, Boots and Chest-piece. Now, their frail armor is white and sinewy, a window into an arcane lost art.

Bone Ash Hat
The long, pointed hat is a symbol of the old keepers
and is considered evidence of their companionship,
forged in a certain sin. "


Bone Ash Mask
A mask made of bone ash, worn by the oldest keepers. The keepers, who mind the slumbering Great Ones, gained eternal life, preserved in ashen form in a ceremony of flame that cremated body and soul. The long, pointed hat is a symbol of the old keepers and is considered evidence of their companionship, forged in a certain sin.


Bone Ash Armor
Armor made of bone ash,worn by the oldest keepers. The keepers, who mind the slumbering Great Ones, gained eternal life, preserved in ashen form in a ceremony of flame that cremated body and soul Now, their frail armor is white and sinewy, a window into an arcane lost art.


Bone Ash Gauntlets
Armor made of bone ash,worn by the oldest keepers. The keepers, who mind the slumbering Great Ones,
gained eternal life, preserved in ashen form in a ceremony of flame that cremated body and soul
Now, their frail armor is white and sinewy, a window into an arcane lost art


Bone Ash Leggings
Armor made of bone ash,worn by the oldest keepers. The keepers, who mind the slumbering Great Ones,
gained eternal life, preserved in ashen form in a ceremony of flame that cremated body and soul.
Now, their frail armor is white and sinewy, a window into an arcane lost art


Gehrman's Hunter Set
Hunter attire of Gehrman, the first hunter. Created before the workshop existed by making adjustments to everyday clothing, and later became the basis for all hunter's garb.
The hunter's emphasis on engaging beasts with speed, and therefore of selecting lightweight attire, no doubt traces back to Gehrman's own combat style. 


Gehrman's Hunter Cap
Hunter attire of Gehrman, the first hunter. Created before the workshop existed by making adjustments to everyday clothing, and later became the basis for all hunter's garb.
The hunter's emphasis on engaging beasts with speed, and therefore of selecting lightweight attire, no doubt traces back to Gehrman's own combat style.


Gehrman's Hunter Garb
Hunter attire of Gehrman, the first hunter. Created before the workshop existed by making adjustments to everyday clothing, and later became the basis for all hunter's garb. The hunter's emphasis on engaging beasts with speed, and therefore of selecting lightweight attire, no doubt traces back to Gehrman's own combat style.


Gehrman's Hunter Trousers
Hunter attire of Gehrman, the first hunter. Created before the workshop existed by making adjustments to everyday clothing, and later became the basis for all hunter's garb.
The hunter's emphasis on engaging beasts with speed, and therefore of selecting lightweight attire, no doubt traces back to Gehrman's own combat style.


Doll Set
Discarded doll clothing, likely a spare for dress-up. A deep love for the doll can be surmised by the fine craftsmanship of this article, and the care with which it was kept.
It borderlines on mania, and exudes a slight warmth.


Doll Hat
A discarded doll hat, likely a spare for dress-up. A deep love for the doll can be sumised by the fine craftsmanship of this article, and the care with which it was kept.
It borderlines on mania, and exudes a slight warmth.


Doll Clothes
Discarded doll clothing, likely a spare for dress-up. A deep love for the doll can be surmised by the fine craftsmanship of this article, and the care with which it was kept. It borderlines on mania, and exudes a slight warmth.


Doll Gloves
A discarded doll gloves, likely a spare for dress-up. A deep love for the doll can be sumised by the fine craftsmanship of this article, and the care with which it was kept.
It borderlines on mania, and exudes a slight warmth.


Doll Skirt
Discarded doll skirt, likely a spare for dress-up. A deep love for the doll can be sumised by the fine craftsmanship of this article, and the care with which it was kept.
It borderlines on mania, and exudes a slight warmth.


Madman Set
Most tomb prospectors, members of the Healing Church chosen to explore the old labyrinth, are unable to withstand the weight of the old knowledge, and go mad. This attire is worn by those lost souls. Truth oft resembles madness, inaccessible to the dull of mind. Those who go mad are merely thoughtful souls who failed to reach any conclusions. The appendages draped across them are said to be a kind of protective charm, or at least, that is what these lost souls believe with all their hearts.


Madman Hood
Most tomb prospectors, members of the Healing Church chosen to explore the old labyrinth, are unable to withstand the weight of the old knowledge, and go mad. This attire is worn by those lost souls. Truth oft resembles madness, inaccessible to the dull of mind. Those who go mad are merely thoughtful souls who failed to reach any conclusions.


Madman Garb
"Most tomb prospectors, members of the Healing Church chosen to explore the old labyrinth, are unable to withstand the weight of the old knowledge, and go mad. This attire is worn by those lost souls. The appendages draped across them are said to be a kind of protective charm, or at least, that is what these lost souls believe with all their hearts.


Madman Manchettes
Most tomb prospectors, members of the Healing Church chosen to explore the old labyrinth, are unable to withstand the weight of the old knowledge, and go mad. This attire is worn by those lost souls. Truth oft resembles madness, inaccessible to the dull of mind. Those who go mad are merely thoughtful souls who failed to reach any conclusions.

 
Madman Leggings
Most tomb prospectors, members of the Healing Church chosen to explore the old labyrinth, are unable to withstand the weight of the old knowledge, and go mad. This attire is worn by those lost souls. Truth oft resembles madness, inaccessible to the dull of mind. Those who go mad are merely thoughtful souls who failed to reach any conclusions.


Henryk's Hunter Set
Hunter's hat, attire, and trousers worn by Henryk, the old hunter. The taciturn old hunter Henryk was once partners with Father Gascoigne, and though they were a fierce and gallant duo, their partnership led to Henryk's tragically long life. Henryk's unique yellow garb is resistant to bolt and will be of great help to any hunter who has inherited the onus of the hunt.

 
Henryk's Hunter Cap
Hunter's hat worn by Henryk, the old hunter. The taciturn old hunter Henryk was once partners with Father Gascoigne, and though they were a fierce and gallant duo, their partnership led to Henryk's tragically long life. Henryk's unique yellow garb is resistant to bolt and will be of great help to any hunter who has inherited the onus of the hunt.


Henryk's Hunter Garb
"Hunter's attire worn by Henryk, the old hunter. The taciturn old hunter Henryk was once partners with Father Gascoigne, and though they were a fierce and gallant duo, their partnership led to Henryk's tragically long life. Henryk's unique yellow garb is resistant to bolt and will be of great help to any hunter who has inherited the onus of the hunt.


Henryk's Hunter Gloves
"Hunter's attire worn by Henryk, the old hunter. The taciturn old hunter Henryk was once partners with Father Gascoigne, and though they were a fierce and gallant duo, their partnership led to Henryk's tragically long life. Henryk's unique yellow garb is resistant to bolt and will be of great help to any hunter who has inherited the onus of the hunt.
 

Henryk's Hunter Trousers
Hunter's trousers worn by Henryk, the old hunter. The taciturn old hunter Henryk was once partners with Father Gascoigne, and though they were a fierce and gallant duo, their partnership led to Henryk's tragically long life. Henryk's unique yellow garb is resistant to bolt and will be of great help to any hunter who has inherited the onus of the hunt.



Arianna's Shoes
Shoes worn by Arianna. woman of the night in the Cathedral Ward. Innocent and cute. in contrast with its owner.


Crown of Illusions
One of the precious secrets of Cainhurst. The old king's crown is said to reveal illusions, and expose a mirage that hides a secret. And so Logarius donned the crown of his own volition, determined to prevent a single soul from stumbling upon the vile secret. What visions did he see, sitting serenely upon his new throne?


Mensis Cage
The School of Mensis controls the Unseen Village. This hexagonal iron cage suggests their strange ways. The cage is a device that restrains the will of the self, allowing one to see the profane world for what it is. It also serves as an antenna that facilitates contact with the Great Ones of the dream. But to an observer, the iron cage appears to be precisely what delivered them to their harrowing nightmare.


Noble Dress
A finely tailored bordeaux dress. Worn by the nobles of the old bloodline that traces back to the forsaken Castle Cainhurst.
 

Shabby Set
"Common Yharnam cap. Well-worn and losing its shape."
"Common Yharnam clothing. Well-worn and damp with sweat."


Rumpled Yharnam Hat
Common Yharnam cap. Well-worn and losing it's shape.


Sweaty Clothes
Common Yharnam clothing. Well-worn and damp with sweat.


Butcher Set
Mask, Garb, Gloves, and Trousers of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods, likely belonging to the elder of the two. Both the twins became hunters, and brought back and dissected their beast prey, in order to support the villagers in their forbidden research


Butcher Mask
Mask of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods, likely belonging to the older of the two. The twins grew up in silent kinship with a poisonous snake. Eventually they learned human ways, and became hunters. When they discovered vermin even in their beloved snake, the younger brother is said to have murdered the older.


Butcher Garb
Garb of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods, likely belonging to the older of the two. Both the twins became hunters, and brought back and dissected their beast prey, in order to support the villagers in their forbidden research.


Butcher Gloves
Gloves of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods, likely belonging to the older of the two. Both the twins became hunters, and brought back and dissected their beast prey, in order to support the villagers in their forbidden research.


Butcher Trouser
Trousers of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods, likely belonging to the older of the two. Both the twins became hunters, and brought back and dissected their beast prey, in order to support the villagers in their forbidden research.


Brador's Set
Brador donned a compatriot's beastly scalp and hide while still moist with blood. Most of the blood stains on this hide were from that day"


Brador's Testimony
The scalp of a horrid Cleric Beast, indicating that hunter Brador, a Healing Church assassin, had killed a compatriot. Afterward, he wore his ally's own scalp, and hid himself away, deep below in a cell. The Church provided him with a single, soundless bell of death to ensure their secrets would be kept.


Beast Hide Garb
The bloodied hide of a horrible Cleric Beast, pulled over the back. Without the attacked beast hide this foreigner garb wouldn't raise anyone's eyebrows. Brador donned a compatriot's beastly scalp and hide while still moist with blood. Most of the blood stains on this hide were from that day


Bloodied Arm Bands
Bloodied Arm Bands. Brador donned a compatriot's beastly scalp and hide while still moist with blood. Most of the blood stains on this hide were from that day


Bloodied Trousers
Bloodied Trousers. Brador donned a compatriot's beastly scalp and hide while still moist with blood. Most of the blood stains on this hide were from that day


Constable Set
"Once upon a time a troupe of foreign constables chased a beast all the way to Yahrnam, and this is what they wore. The constables became victims of the beast, except for one survivor, who in turn devoured the creature whole, all by himself. The fable is a favorite among Yahrnamites, who are partial to any stories of pompous, intolerant foreigners, who suffer for their ignorance. It makes the blood taste that much sweeter.


Master's Iron Helm
An iron helm resembling an upside-down bucket. A single hole allows one to peek out with a single eye, which is probably all that its original owner had.
The iron helm is passed down among masters of the League. Valtr had in fact lost the ability to see Vermin long ago.


Constable's Garb
Once upon a time a troupe of foreign constables chased a beast all the way to Yahrnam, and this is what they wore. The constables became victims of the beast, except for one survivor, who in turn devoured the creature whole, all by himself. The fable is a favorite among Yahrnamites, who are partial to any stories of pompous, intolerant foreigners, who suffer for their ignorance. It makes the blood taste that much sweeter.


Constable Gloves
Once upon a time, a troupe of foreign constables chased a beast all the way to Yharman, and this is what they wore. The constables became victims of the beast, except for one survivor, who in turn devoured the creature whole, all by himself. This fable is a favorite among Yharnamites, who are partial to any stories of pompous, intolerant foreigners who suffer for their ignorance. It makes the blood taste that much sweeter.


Constable Trousers
Once upon a time a troupe of foreign constables chased a beast all the way to Yahrnam, and this is what they wore. The constables became victims of the beast, except for one survivor, who in turn devoured the creature whole, all by himself. The fable is a favorite among Yahrnamites, who are partial to any stories of pompous, intolerant foreigners, who suffer for their ignorance. It makes the blood taste that much sweeter.


Decorative Old Hunter Set
Old Hunter Garb decorated with brass trinkets At the time, some hunters believed that certain metals would ward off beast blood. On a night of the hunt, it is no wonder that people would resort to superstition.


Decorative Old Hunter Garb
Old Hunter Garb decorated with brass trinkets At the time, some hunters believed that certain metals would ward off beast blood. On a night of the hunt, it is no wonder that people would resort to superstition.


Decorative Old Hunter Garb
Old Hunter Garb decorated with brass trinkets At the time, some hunters believed that certain metals would ward off beast blood. On a night of the hunt, it is no wonder that people would resort to superstition.


Enlarged Head Information
An enlarged head of a patient of the Cathedral, with a cavity that just happens to fit a human head, although one would be mad to try it on. But if you do, listen carefully, for the sticky sound. Drip, drop. As water, seeping up from the depths, slowly, steadily.


Harrowed Set
Certain Church hunters obfuscate their identities and slip into the nooks and crannies of the city. This is the garb that allows these harrowed individuals to go unnoticed.
These hunters are keen to early signs of the scourge, serving as a first line of defense against its outbreak. Or perhaps, when the time is right, they find signs of the scourge where there are none. It just goes to show, the corner beggar is not always who he seems.

 
Maria Hunter Set
Among the first hunters, all students of Gehrman, was the lady hunter Maria. This was her hunter's cap, garb, gloves, and trousers, crafted in Cainhurst. Maria is distantly related to the undead queen, but had great admiration for Gehrman, unaware of his curious mania


Harrowed Hood
"Certain Church hunters obfuscate their identities and slip into the nooks and crannies of the city. This is the garb that allows these harrowed individuals to go unnoticed. These hunters are keen to early signs of the scourge, serving as a first line of defense against its outbreak. Or perhaps, when the time is ripe, they find signs of the scourge where there are none. It just goes to show, the corner beggar is not always who he seems.
 

Harrowed Garb
"Certain Church hunters obfuscate their identities and slip into the nooks and crannies of the city. This is the garb that allows these harrowed individuals to go unnoticed. These hunters are keen to early signs of the scourge, serving as a first line of defense against its outbreak. Or perhaps, when the time is ripe, they find signs of the scourge where there are none. It just goes to show, the corner beggar is not always who he seems.


Harrowed Gloves
Certain Church hunters obfuscate their identities and slip into the nooks and crannies of the city. This is the Gloves that allows these harrowed individuals to go unnoticed. These hunters are keen to early signs of the scourge, serving as a first line of defense against its outbreak. Or perhaps, when the time is ripe, they find signs of the scourge where there are none. It just goes to show, the corner beggar is not always who he seems.


Harrowed Trousers
Certain Church hunters obfuscate their identities and slip into the nooks and crannies of the city. This is the Trousers that allows these harrowed individuals to go unnoticed. These hunters are keen to early signs of the scourge, serving as a first line of defense against its outbreak. Or perhaps, when the time is ripe, they find signs of the scourge where there are none. It just goes to show, the corner beggar is not always who he seems.


Maria Hunter Cap
Among the first hunters, all students of Gehrman, was the lady hunter Maria. This was her hunter's cap, crafted in Cainhurst. Maria is distantly related to the undead queen, but had great admiration for Gehrman, unaware of his curious mania
 

Maria Hunter Garb
Among the first hunters, all students of Gehrman, was the lady hunter Maria. This was her hunter's Garb, crafted in Cainhurst. Maria is distantly related to the undead queen, but had great admiration for Gehrman, unaware of his curious mania


Maria Hunter Gloves
Among the first hunters, all students of Gehrman, was the lady hunter Maria. This was her hunter's Gloves, crafted in Cainhurst. Maria is distantly related to the undead queen, but had great admiration for Gehrman, unaware of his curious mania

 
Maria Hunter Trousers
Among the first hunters, all students of Gehrman, was the lady hunter Maria. This was her hunter's Trousers, crafted in Cainhurst. Maria is distantly related to the undead queen, but had great admiration for Gehrman, unaware of his curious mania


Old Hunter Set
In the old days, when hunters were ten a penny, this was their standard garb.


Old Hunter Cap 
Old Hunter Cap with a wide brim that hides their sharp gaze In the old days, when hunters were ten a penny, this was their standard garb.


Old Hunter Top Hat
Old Hunter Top Hat, warped by blood stains. In the old days, when hunters were ten a penny, this was their standard garb.


Old Hunter Garb
Old Hunter Garb. One day, the hunters disappeared, and Yharnamites began to whisper of the hunters' sin. Drunk with blood, chasing after beasts, they would pass on to the Nightmare, every last one of them


Old Hunter Gloves
Old Hunter gauntlets made of brass to protect their weapon-bearing hands. At the time, some hunters believed that certain metals would guard off beast blood. On a night of the hunt, it is no wonder that some resort to superstition


Old hunter trousers
Old hunter trousers that protected countless hunters from the beasts in an older age. A widespread belief of the period was that "beast blood crept
up the right leg," and this led to the double-wrapped belt. 

 
Yamamura Hunter Hat Description
A standard hunter's hat, worn by Yamamura the Wanderer. This hat and staff were given to him when he became a hunter and confederate of the League.


Khaki Haori
Garb of a distant Eastern land, worn by Yamamura the Wanderer. This Eastern warrior pursued a beast for honourable revenge, then became a hunter of the League. But when he stared straight into impurity, it drove him mad.


Old Hunter Arm Bands
Old hunter arm bands wound tightly to prevent infection with the scourge. Of course, the idea that the scourge was infectious was pure hearsay.


Wine Hakama
Garb of a distant Eastern land, worn by Yamamura the Wanderer. This Eastern warrior pursued a beast for honorable revenge, then became a hunter of the League.
But when he stared straight into impurity, it drove him mad.



 
