Arcane Haze
Material used in a Holy Chalice rite. The tiny smatterings of haze that are found in certain ritual materials. Sometimes required for special rites. The additional rite Sinister Bell makes the bell-ringing woman appear, and when she rings a sinister bell, hunters from other worlds will be beckoned as adversaries.



Bastard of Loran
Special material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Remains of Loran infant infected by the scourge. A harbinger of curses and symbol of defilement. The additional rite Curse defiles dungeons in which hunters' HP is greatly eroded, but what better place to seek cursed blood gems but in the midst of defilement?



Bloodshot Eyeball
Material used in a Holy Chalice rite. An exquisite eyeball removed quickly after death, or perhaps even before. Used to unlock the seal of the old labyrinth hintertombs.




Blooming Coldblood Flower
Material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Pale vegetation that commonly grows on coldblood in a place long abandoned, that has bloomed into a bright red stygian flower.



Coldblood Flower Bulb
Material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Pale vegetation that commonly grows on coldblood in a place long abandoned, said to mature slowly in close proximity to death, and eventually bloom.


Coldblood Flowerbud
Material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Pale vegetation that commonly grows on coldblood in a place long ago abandoned.


Inflicted Organ
Special material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Special body parts collected by the Healing Church. What was this gruesome bait used to lure? The additional rite Rotted Offering beckons ungodly forces, normally terrifying things, but also worthy prey for a special hunt.


Living String
Special material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. The immense brain that Mensis retrieved from the nightmare was indeed lined with eyes on the inside, but they were of an evil sort, and the brain itself was terrible rotten. But even still, it was a legitimate Great One, and left a relic. A living relic, at that, which is a precious thing indeed.



Pearl Slug
Material used in a Holy Chalice rite. Of the all the strange lifeforms that reside in the nooks and crannies of the old labyrinth, the slugs are clear signs of the left-behind Great Ones


Red Jelly
Material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Stillborn infants born of a creature of unknown origin, of the type found in some corners of the old labyrinth.



Ritual Blood
Material used in a Holy Chalice rite. One of the basic ingredients used to satiate a Holy Chalice is this incoagulable blood. When all is melted in blood, all is reborn.


Sage's Hair
Special material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. A body part of a saint, sacrificed by the Healing Church in their search for Truth



Sage's Wrist
Special material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. A body part of a saint, sacrificed by the Healing Church in their search for Truth. The additional rite Fetid Offering invigorates the watchers, making them more treacherous than normal, but also making them worthy prey for a special hunt



Tomb Mold
Material used in a Holy Chalice ritual. Mould that grows from rotten flesh and blood inside the old labyrinth. Matures to bear giant spores.


Yellow Backbone
Special material used in a Holy Chalice rite. Special body parts collected by the Healing Church. What was this gruesome bait used to lure? The additional rite Rotted Offering beckons ungodly forces, normally terrifying things, but also worthy prey for a special hunt."


Antidote
Small medicinal tablets that counteract poison. Used to treat ashen blood, the baffling sickness that ravaged Old Yharnam long ago. These tablets only provide short-term relief. The ashen blood ailment eventually triggered the spread of the beastly scourge.


Beast Blood Pellet
Large medicinal pellets, supposedly formed of coagulated beast blood. Banned by the Healing Church due to their unclear origin. Grants a spurt of beasthood. Ripping apart the flesh of one's enemies and being rained up by their splattering blood invigorates one's sense of beasthood, feeding strength and euphoric feeling alike.


Blood Dreg
The Vilebloods of Cainhurst, blood-lusting hunters, see these frightful things in coldblood. They often appear in the blood of echo fiends, that is to say, the blood of hunters. Queen Annalise partakes in these blood dreg offerings, so that she may one day bear the Child of Blood, the next Vileblood heir.


Blood Of Adella
Blood taken from Adella, nun of the Healing Church. Restores an amount of HP, then continues to gradually restore HP for a short time. The Healing Church nuns are chosen for their merit as vessels for blood, and groomed as Blood Saints. The mere chance of being treated with their blood lends legitimacy to the Healing Church and communion.


Blood of Arianna
Blood taken from Arianna, Cathedral Ward woman of pleasure. The sweet blood of Arianna restores HP, and temporarily speeds stamina recovery. A member of the old Healing Church would know that her blood is similar indeed, to precisely what was once forbidden.


Blood Vial
Special blood used in ministration. Restores HP. Once a patient has had their blood ministered, a unique but common treatment in Yharnam, successive infusions recall the first, and are all the more invigorating for it. No surprise that most Yharnamites are heavy users of blood.


Blue Elixir
Dubious liquid medicine used in strange experiments conducted by high ministers of the Healing Church. A type of anesthetic that numbs the brain. Hunters, able to retain consciousness by force of will, make use of a secondary effect of the medicine, which dilutes their presence while standing still.


Bold Hunter's Mark
Dangling, upside-down rune etched in the mind of a hunter. This reminder allows one to envision the rune with clarity. Allows a hunter to awaken again without losing Blood Echoes, a trick that seems nearly too good to be true.


Bolt Paper
Coarse paper that applies bolt to weapons when rubbed. Invented by Archibald, the infamous eccentric of the Healing Church workshop. Artificially recreates the blue sparks that are said to surround darkbeasts. Unlike the other strange weapons created by Archibald, this one was favored by many hunters, in particular those who had even once laid eyes on a darkbeast.



Bone Marrow Ash
Additional medium that strengthens Quicksilver Bullets. According to the workshop, this is a special bone marrow ash collected from Hemwick Charnel Lane. Invaluable to hunters with weak bloodtinge who require the use of stronger firearms.


Coldblood Dew
Droplet of coldblood containing Blood Echoes. Use to gain Blood Echoes. Hunters sustained by the dream gain strength from Blood Echoes. They imbibe the blood with thoughts of reverence, indeed gratitude, for their victims.


Delayed Molotov
A special hunter tool crafted by the old Oto Workshop. These molotovs wedge into the ground when thrown, and explode on a timed delay. A shame that such a complex gadget must be sacrificed with each use of this inefficient hunter tool. Nevertheless, delayed molotovs are cherished by the minority of hunters who prefer the tricksier kill. This creation is one of the earliest- known roots of the Powder Kegs.


Delayed Rope Molotov
A special hunter tool crafted by the old Oto Workshop. These molotovs wedge into the ground when thrown behind one's back, and explode on a timed delay. A shame that such a complex gadget must be sacrificed with each use of this inefficient hunter tool. Nevertheless, delayed molotovs are cherished by the minority of hunters who prefer the tricksier kill. This creation is one of the earliest-known roots of the Powder Kegs.


Fire Paper
Coarse paper that applies fire to weapons when rubbed. A hunter tool found in the Healing Church workshop. Since the tragedy that struck Old Yharnam, fire has become a staple in beast hunts, and is thought to cleanse impurity. Certain types of beasts have an abnormal fear of flame.



Frenzied Coldblood
A rich droplet of coldblood containing Blood Echoes. Use to gain frenzied Blood Echoes. This manifestation of madness comes from a mind
teetering on the very brink, but has a sane mind ever produced anything of true significance?


Gold Pendant
Pendant of Vicar Amelia. Use to change into a Blood Gem, which fortifies weapons. This pendant, passed down among the vicars who head the Healing Church, is a reminder of the cautionary adage. To reveal the adage, touch the altar skull.


Great One's Wisdom
Fragments of the lost wisdom of the Great Ones, beings that might be described as gods. Use to gain Insight. At Byrgenwerth Master Willem had an epiphany: "We are thinking on the basest of planes. What we need, are more eyes.


Great One Coldblood
Relic containing the Blood Echoes of a Great One. Use to gain cosmically nightmarish Blood Echoes. Like a true revelation, this uncanny relic defies understanding


Hand Lantern
Small portable lantern. This hunting accessory provides light while leaving both hands free to hold weapons. The torch, however, provides a stronger source of light.

Iosefka's Blood Vial
Blood vial acquired from Iosefka's clinic. This refined blood, highly invigorating, restores a larger amount of HP. The product of a slow and careful refinement process, this rare blood vial appears to be a clinic original.


Kin Coldblood
Coldblood of inhuman kin of the cosmos, brethren of the Great Ones. Use to gain unspeakable Blood Echoes. Dare not to delve into the world beyond humanity, the eldritch Truth touched upon long ago at Byrgenwerth.


Lead Elixir
A heavy, syrupy liquid medicine. Temporarily shifts weight to make deflection of attacks easier, but must be used with care, as it also slows movement with no change to defense. Its recipe for this mysterious concoction is unknown, but some postulate that it materializes only within the most desperate nightmares.


Madman's Knowledge
Skull of a madman touched by the wisdom of the Great Ones. Use to gain Insight. Making contact with eldritch wisdom is a blessing, for even if it drives one mad, it allows one to serve a grander purpose, for posterity.



Quicksilver Bullets
Special bullets used with hunter firearms. Ordinary bullets have no effect on beasts, and so Quicksilver Bullets, fused with the wielder's own blood, must be employed. The strength of Quicksilver Bullets depends greatly upon the wielder's bloodtinge.




Red Jeweled Brooch
A woman's bright-red brooch, engraved with the name Viola. Perhaps the jewel is a gift from a hunter. Use to change into a droplet blood gem that fortifies any weapon. With the proper workshop tool, various weapons can be fortified."



Sedative
Liquid medicine concocted at Byrgenwerth. Calms the nerves. Those who delve into the arcane fall all-too-easily to madness, and thick human blood serves to calm the frayed nerves of these inquisitive minds. Naturally, this often leads to a reliance on blood ministration.




Shaman Bone Blade
A blade of bone coated with gruesome spinal fluid. Used by old labyrinth watchers, in particular, those presiding over rituals. When a Victim is cut by this blade, the green spinal fluid temporarily numbs the senses, disturbing the target's gross motor skills. The blade, never intended for battle, must cut deep to be effective, and breaks.




Shining Coins
Various Coins that are particularly luminous. There are very few uses for spare change during the hunt, but these will serve as guides through the darkness. Or, one could save them until morning, if it ever comes.


Thick Coldblood
A thick droplet of coldblood containing Blood Echoes.Use to gain larger amount of Blood Echoes. A strong will produces thick blood. Doubtless, the product of obsession, a potent source of human strength.


One Third of Umbilical Cord
A great relic, also known as the Cord of the Eye. Every infant Great One has this precursor to the umbilical cord.Use to gain Insight and, so they say, eyes on the inside, although no one remembers what that truly entails.


Tear Stone
Silver-shining tear stone.Use to change into a droplet blood gem that fortifies any weapon. A doll sheds neither blood nor tears and thus its nature remains unknown. Whoever thinks this is precious must be troubled by severe naivete.


Vermin
A centipede-like creature discovered on successful hunts by League hunters. Vermin, found hidden within filth, are only seen by League confederates, and are the root of man's impurity. The League has assumed the task of finding and crushing all vermin. Perhaps there is some mercy in the madness. Those who wish to see vermin can, and those who choose to are provided with boundless purpose.


Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on coldblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most triangular blood gems have effects that provide attribute bonuses and extra effects.


Cursed Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. The sticky spots are indicative of a curse, but this gem's malicious effects are perfect for bolstering certain types of weapons. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks


Tempering Damp Blood Gem
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. This particular specimen has a pronounced effect, due to its extended state of dampness. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that forfortifies weapons and adds various properties. The sticky spots are indicative of a curse, but this gem's malicious effect are perfect for bolstering certain types of weapons Droplet gems are special gems that adapt to various weapons and shapes, naturally making them highly priced among hunters.

Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that forfortifies weapons and adds various properties. The sticky spots are indicative of a curse, but this gem's malicious effect are perfect for bolstering certain types of weapons Droplet gems are special gems that adapt to various weapons and shapes, naturally making them highly priced among hunters.


Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on coldblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. This particular specimen has a pronounced effect, due to its extended state of dampnes Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physicalattacks.


Tempering Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on coldblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most waning blood gems provide rare special effects such as fire, bolt, or healing.


Cursed Fire Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. The sticky spots are indicative of a curse, but this gem's malicious effects are perfect for bolstering certain types of weapons. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. The sticky spots and indicative of a curse, but this gem's malicious effects are perfect for bolstering certain types of weapons. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Nourishing Damp Blood Gem



Sharp Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on coldblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Cold Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on coldblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.



Murky Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on clodblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tolls, but only of matching shape. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Diry Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on cold blood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most waning blood gems provide rare special effects such as fire, bolt, or healing.


Dirty Damp Blood Gem
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. This particular specimen has a pronounced effect, due to its extended state of dampness. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Beasthunter's Damp Blood Gem
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. This particular specimen has a pronounced effect, due to its extended state of dampness.Most waning blood gems provide rare special effects such as fire, bolt, or healing.



Kinhunter's Damp Blood Gem


Striking Blood Gemstone


Radiant Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Blood gems are especially rare blood stones that grow on coldblood. Blood gems are kneaded into weapons using workshop tools, but only when of matching shape. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.


Gold Blood Gem
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and adds various properties. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks, and this golden radial blood gem, kept for generations within the Church, strengthens attacks against those afflicted intensely by beasthood. When clerics began transforming into unspeakable beasts, the Church needed something to retaliate with.


Fool's Blood Gemstone
A blood gem that fortifies weapons and add various properties. This particular specimen has a pronounced effect, due to its extended state of dampness. Most radial blood gems have effects that bear upon physical attacks.



Anti-Clockwise Metamorphosis
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. The twisted cross means metamorphosis. Rotated anti-clockwise, this rune boosts stamina. The discovery of blood made their dream of evolution a reality. Metamorphosis, and the excesses and deviation that followed, was only the beginning.


Arcane Lake Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices ripples like a watery reflection. This rune means "Lake", and those branded by it enjoy augmented defense. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.


Beast Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. A transcription of the roar of a labyrinth beast, the bearer of the "Beast" rune has accentuated transformation effects. "Beast" is one of the early Caryll Runes. as well as one of the first to be deemed forbidden. The discovery of blood entailed the discovery of undesirable beasts.


Beast's Embrace Rune
After the repeated experiments in controlling the scourge of beasts, the gentle "Embrace" rune was discovered. When its implementation failed, the "Embrace" became a forbidden rune, but this knowledge became a foundation of the Healing Church. Those who swear this oath take on a ghastly form and enjoy accentuated transformation effects, especially while wielding a beast weapon.


Blood Rapture Rune
A Caryll rune that transcribes inhuman sounds. "Blood Rapture" is the raw euphoria of the warmth of blood. Restores HP with visceral attacks, one of the darker hunter techniques. This rune resonates with servants of the Queen, carrier of the Child of Blood, who yearn for their Queen's blood with little hope of requitement. For them, they find solace in "Blood Rapture", that serves as a surrogate for their desires.


Blood Rapture Rune
A Caryll rune that transcribes inhuman sounds. "Blood Rapture" is the raw euphoria of the warmth of blood. Restores HP with visceral attacks, one of the darker hunter techniques. This rune resonates with servants of the Queen, carrier of the Child of Blood, who yearn for their Queen's blood with little hope of requitement. For them, they find solace in "Blood Rapture", that serves as a surrogate for their desires.


Clawmark Rune
A Caryll rune that transcribes inhuman sounds. The "Clawmark" is an impulse to seek the warmth of blood like a beast. It strengthens visceral attacks, one of the darker hunter techniques. Although the difference is subtle, Runesmith Caryll describes the "Beast" as a horrific and unwelcome instinct deep within the hearts of men, while "Clawmark" is an alluring invitation to accept this very nature.


Clear Deep Sea Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices depicts downreaching currents. This rune means "Deep Sea," and grants augmented resistance. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours


Clockwise Metamorphosis Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. The twisted cross means "metamorphosis." Rotated clockwise, this rune boosts HP. The discovery of blood made their dream of evolution a reality. Metamorphosis, and the excesses and deviation that followed, were only the beginning.


Communion Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. Several runes relate to "blood", including "Communion", which raises the maximum number of blood vials one may carry.
This rune represents the Healing Church and its ministers. Blood ministration is, of course, the pursuit of communion.


Corruption Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. Several runes contain a nuance of "Blood," including the rune of "Corruption," associated with the oath of the corrupt. Pledgers to this oath are Cainhurst Vilebloods, hunters of blood who find dregs for their Queen in coldblood, particularly in that of hunters. Yet the corrupt are heretics in the eyes of the Church, and thus subject to the wrath of the Executioners


Deep Sea Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices depicts downreaching currents. This rune means "Deep Sea" and grants augmented resistance. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.


Dissipating Lake Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices ripples like a watery reflection. This rune means "Lake," and those branded by it enjoy augmented defense. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.


Eye Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. A transcription of "Eye," as spoken by left-behind Great Ones. Allows one to make additional discoveries. Eyes symbolize the truth Master Willem sought in his research. Disillusioned by the limits of human intellect, Master Willem looked to beings from higher planes for guidance, and sought to line his brain with eyes in order to elevate his thoughts.


Fading Lake Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices ripples like a watery reflection. This rune means "Lake," and those branded by it enjoy augmented defense. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.


Formless Oedon Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. The Great One Oedon, lacking form, exists only in voice, and is symbolized by this rune. Those who memorize it enjoy a larger supply of Quicksilver Bullets. Human or no, the oozing blood is a medium of the highest grade, and the essence of the formless Great One. Both Oedon, and his inadvertent worshippers, surreptitiously seek the precious blood.


Great Deep Sea Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of ByrgenwertThis transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices depicts downreaching currents. This rune means "Deep Sea" and grants augmented resistance. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.


Guidance Rune
A Caryll rune discovered by the old hunter Ludwig along with the Holy Moonlight Sword. Boosts amount of life recovered by rallying. When Ludwig closed his eyes, he saw darkness, or perhaps nothingness, and that is where he discovered the tiny beings of light. Ludwig was certain that these playful dancing sprites offered "guidance"
They could empty Ludwig of his fears at least in the midst of a hunt.


Heir Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. The "Heir" sees sentimentality in the warmth of blood, acknowledging this as one of the darker hunter techniques.
More Blood Echoes gained from visceral attacks. Perhaps the "Heir" is a hunter who bears the echoing will of those before him.


Hunter Rune
A Caryll Rune that transcribes inhuman sounds. This red-smudged rune means "Hunter", and has been adopted by those who have taken the Hunter of Hunters oath. These watchmen admonish those who have become addled with blood. Be they men or beasts, anyone who has threatened the pledgers of the "Hunter" oath surely has an issue with blood.


Impurity Rune
A Caryll rune that transcribes inhuman sounds. This rune, discovered inside the forbidden beast eater, came to symbolize "Impurity," and the oath of The League. Confederates of The League cooperate with hunters from other worlds, and hunt to discover vermin. Vermin writhe within filth, and are the root of man's impurity. Crush all vermin without hesitation.


Lake Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices ripples like a watery reflection. This rune means "Lake", and those branded by it enjoy augmented defense. Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth. Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.


Milkweed Rune
A Caryll rune envisioned by Adeline, patient of the Research Hall. A translation of the inhuman, sticky whispers that reveal the nature of a celestial attendant. Those who swear this oath become a Lumenwood that peers towards the sky, feeding phantasms in its luscious bed. Phantasms guide us and lead us to further discoveries.


Moon Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. A transcription of "moon", as spoken by the Great Ones inhabiting the nightmare. Gain more Blood Echoes. The Great Ones that inhabit the nightmare are sympathetic in spirit, and often answer when called upon.


Oedon Writhe Rune
A Caryll rune that transcribes inhuman sounds. "Writhe" sees a subtle mucous in the warmth of blood, and acknowledges visceral attacks as one of the darker hunter techniques.
Visceral attacks restore Quicksilver Bullets. Human or not, the oozing blood is a medium of the highest grade, and the essence of the formless Great One. Both Oedon, and Oedon's inadvertent worshippers, surreptitiously seek the precious blood.


Radiance Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. The rune for "Radiance," adopted by the sworn Executioners under Logarius' command. The executioners despise the impure Vilebloods, and no matter what the circumstances, would never cooperate with the bloodthirsty hunters who serve the undead queen, Annalise.


Stunning Deep Sea Rune
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth. This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices depicts downreaching currents. This rune means "Deep Sea" and grants augmented resistance.Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch TruthOvercome this hindrance, and seek what is yours. The additional rite Fetid Offering invigorates the Watchers, making them more treacherous than normal, but also making them worthy prey for a special hunt.