Accursed Brew
Skull of a local from the violated fishing village. The inside of the skull was forcibly searched for eyes, as evidenced by innumerable scratches and indentations. No wonder the skull became stewed in curses. They who offer baneful chants. Weep with them, as one in trance


Beast Roar
One of the forbidden hunter tools made by Irreverent Izzy. Borrow the strength of the terrible undead darkbeasts, if only for a moment, to blast surrounding foes back with the force of a roaring beast. The indescribable sound is broadcast with the caster's own vocal cords, which begs the question, what terrible things lurk deep within the frames of men?


Blacksky Eye
Soft eye blessed by a phantasm. They were discovered through Byrgenwerth's contact with the arcane, but in the end revealed nothing. Deep within the eye lies a vast stretch of dark sky that rumbles with an endless meteor storm. The slightest rub of the tiny orb, and the rock will tumble and soar.


Empty Phantasm Shell
Empty invertebrate shell that is said to be a familiar of a Great One. The Healing Church has discovered a great variety of invertebrates, or phantasms, as they are called. Shells with slime still harbour arcane power, and can be rubbed on weapons to imbue them with their strength.


Executioner's Gloves
One of the secret treasures hidden in Cainhurst. The gloves of an executioner from a faraway land. Passed from executioner father to executioner son, these gloves can be used to summon wrathful spirits of the past by smearing them with blood. It is said that the nobles found immeasurable delight in the dances of these vengeful specters.


Old Hunter Bone
The bone of an old hunter whose name is lost. It is said that he was an apprentice to old Gehrman, and a practitioner of the art of Quickening, a technique particular to the first hunters. It is most appropriate that hunters, carriers of the torch who are sustained by the dream, would tease an old art from his remains. 


Tiny Tonitrus
Tiny Tonitrus is a unique weapon crafted by Archibald, the infamous eccentric of the Healing Church workshop. This is a similar morning star mace that utilizes Quicksilver Bullets. When struck into the ground, it recreates the blue sparks that are said to surround the darkbeasts. Like Archibald's masterpiece, this too is a superb conductor of the powerful blue sparks.


Choir Bell
Special hunter tool of the Choir, high-ranking members of the church. Fashioned after a bell that projects an arcane sound across planes of existence The sound of this smaller, silver version of the bell does not cross planes, but grants vigor and healing to all cooperators.


Augur of Ebrietas
Remnant of the eldritch Truth encountered at Byrgenwerth. Use phantasms, the invertebrates known to be the augurs of the Great Ones, to partially summon abandoned Ebrietas. The initial encounter marked the start of an inquiry into the cosmos from within the old labyrinth, and led to the establishment of the Choir.


Madaras Whistle
Whistle of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods. The twins grew up alongside a poisonous snake, and developed a silent, inhuman kinship. The poisonous snake grew uncontrollably, raised on a healthy diet of beast entrails. Even after their deaths, it is said to respond to the call of the twins' whistle from within the Nightmare.


Messenger's Gift
A strange gift from the messengers, inhabitants of the dream who revere the brave hunters. Use to envelop oneself in a black nightmarish mist, then transform into a messenger.
The illusion is a parlor trick. and any large movement will break the spell. To preserve the guise. proceed very slowly.


A Call Beyond
One of the secret rites of the Choir. Long ago, the Healing Church used phantasms to reach a lofty plane of darkness, but failed to make contact with the outer reaches of the cosmos. The rite failed to achieve its intended purpose, but instead created a small exploding star, now a powerful part of the Choir's arsenal. At times, failure is the mother of invention.


Blood Stone Shard
A solid shard that forms in coldblood. After death, a substance in the blood hardens, and that which does not crystallize is called a blood stone. At the workshop, these bloodstones are embedded in weapons to fortify them.


Large Blood Stone Shard
A large solid chunk that forms in coldblood. After death, a substance in the blood hardens, and that which does not crystalize is called a blood stone. This is no mere chunk, it is nearly a boulder. Few blood stones of such size have ever been discovered, even considering the combined experience of all the hunters.


Blood Gem Workshop
A misplaced workshop tool from the Hunter's Dream. The hunter who retrieves this can fortify weapons by kneading blood gems into them. Blood gems add properties to weapons when used to fortify them, as blood defines an organism.


Workshop Haze Extractor
A misplaced workshop tool from the Hunter's Dream. The hunter who retrieves this can extract Arcane Haze from ritual materials. But alas, spent materials are lost.

