Astral Clocktower Key
Key to the Astral Clocktower at the top of the Grand Cathedral. The caretaker of the tower's numerous patients, known to them only as Lady Maria, made her home behind the giant star-interpreting clock.


Balcony Key
Key to the balcony on the first floor of the Research Hall. Lady Maria of the Astral Clocktower gave this to the patient, Adeline. Maria had hoped Adeline would find comfort in the faint breeze that carried the scent of flowers from the outside, but Adeline couldn't fathom her intentions.


Cainhurst Summons
An old blood-stained summons, inviting an honored guest to the forsaken Castle Cainhurst. Rather bafflingly, it is addressed to you. Do not hesitate; the stagecoach leaves from Hemwick crossing.


Celestial Dial
A celestial dial that functions with the giant astral clock in the Grand Cathedral. When the dial is held up towards the Astral Clock, the clock will come to life and reveal a secret to its curious interloper


Eye Pendant
An eye pendant which unlocks the surgery altar. There are two cathedrals in the Hunter's Dream. One lies past the River of Blood, and another contains the private research hall of the Healing Church. Only chosen members of the Healing Church, or their lamentable patients can enter the research hall, using this eye.


Hunter Chief Emblem
A cloth emblem that belonged to the captain of the Church hunters long ago. Opens the main gate that leads to the round plaza of the Great Cathedral. The main gate is shut tight on nights of the hunt, and could only be opened from the other side with this emblem. In other words, the captain's return, and this emblem, determined the end of the hunt.


Iron Door Key
Of the three great bridges that link the two cathedral cradles, this key opens the iron door that leads to the midlevel bridge. There are no thieves in the nightmare. Then, why lock a door? Be warned, there must be a very, very good reason.


Laurence's Skull
Skull of Laurence, first vicar of the Healing Church. In reality he became the first cleric beast, and his human skull only exists within the Nightmare. The skull is a symbol of Laurence's past, and what he failed to protect. He is destined to seek his skull, but even if he found it, it could never restore his memories.


Lecture Theatre Key
Key to the Lecture Theatre in the Lecture Building. Today, the two-story Lecture Building is adrift in the nightmare, but once it was a place of reflection, where scholars learned of history and archaeology. Perhaps it still is, as the students in the lecture theatre appear to await the return of their professor


Lunarium Key
Key to the lunarium facing the lake on the second floor of Byrgenwerth College. In his final years, Master Willem was fond of the lookout, and the rocking chair that he kept there for meditation. In the end, it is said, he left his secret with the lake.


Oedon Tomb Key
Key to the gate that blocks the Tomb of Oedon. Beyond the tomb, Oedon Chapel can be found in the center of the Cathedral Ward. Only today the church is abandoned, and some say that the residents of Oedon have all gone mad.


Old Hunter Bell
One of the resonating bells that cross the gaps of worlds. This bell is cracked and stained with the blood of beasts. A human must expend Insight to ring this uncanny bell. The old hunters, who have long passed from the dream but cannot forget the feeling of the hunt, rely upon messengers to relay their thoughts. Ring the bell at their side, and they are certain to give a listen. For the night of the hunt is long, and unchanging."


Queenly Flesh
What remains of Annalise, blood queen of Cainhurst. This pinkish lump of flesh remains warm, as if cursed. All hail the undying queen of blood!


Small Hair Ornament
A small, very ordinary hair ornament. Although it has been lost for quite some time, one can still see signs of the care with which this tasteful ornament was once kept.
Its colour would stand most brilliantly against a head of greyish hair.


Tonsil Stone
A latticed, deformed rock, or perhaps a meteorite. Appears useless, but possesses some odd gravitational force that prevents its riddance. A dubious soul once said: Step lightly round to the right of the great cathedral, and seek an ancient, shrouded church... The gift of the godhead will grant you strength...Underground Cell Key


Key to the cell below the Grand Cathedral.
Hunters are held within the underground cell, so that things better left unseen, better left unknown, will decay quietly in the fallow darkness Underground Cell Inner Chamber Key


Key to the inner chamber of the cell below the Grand Cathedral.
The innermost chamber of the underground cell holds a lone madman. He wears a beast hide, and rings a bell that emits no sound. Unending death awaits those who can hear the soundless bell.


Unopened Summons
An old, sealed summons. Like the first of its kind, it is an invitation to Cainhurst, but for whom is not known, as it lacks an addressee.


Upper Cathedral Key
The key to the Upper Cathedral Ward seal. The upper echelons of the Healing Church are formed by the School of Mensis, based in the Unseen Village, and the Choir occupying the Upper Cathedral Ward. This key brings one a step closer to the Choir.


Yharnam Stone
A sacred heirloom left by Yharnam, Pthumerian Queen. The Queen lies dead, but her horrific consciousness is only asleep, and it stirs in unsettling motions.